Readme.md, before:

## Stravalog

### Background

I started writing detailed descriptions for some of my strava rides in the
description fields, for rides that were of note or races that I had been
involved in. I've found that it's hard to find activities with descriptions and
they do not even appear at all on the mobile app.

Stravalog creates a blog by using strava descriptions as well as extracting
other data from the API which is then displayed.

### Requirements

- Ruby 2.2
- Postgres (You can change this in `config/database.yml`

### Installation

- [Create a strava application](https://www.strava.com/settings/api), set the callback domain to be `localhost:3000` and note down the Client ID, client secret and your access token
- Copy the `.env.sample` file to `.env` and fill in the values:
  - BLOG_TITLE: The name of your blog
  - STRAVA_ATHELETE_ID: Your athelete ID, When clicking on 'Your Profile' it's the last part of the URL
  - STRAVA_CLIENT_ID: The client id of the application you've created
  - STRAVA_CLIENT_SECRET: The client secret of the application you've created
  - STRAVA_API_TOKEN: The access token of the application you've created
- Install gems with `bundle install`
- Create and migrate the database with `rake db:create db:migrate`
- Run the app with: `rails server`
- Visit `http://localhost:3000/admin` to login

### Getting started

You can manually add activities through the admin dashboard. Or you can run
`rake strava:import` to automatically import any strava activities with a
reasonably long description

### TODO

- Add some styling
- Add the ability to attach photos to activities (Stravas API currently returns photo info, could use this)
- Display more stats about rides
- Create graphs/charts of useful information on the ride
- Display map information
- For lapped rides show info about lap times (This could be segment based rather than using the strava lap feature)

Commit message:

Update TODO list in readme as some items have been completed now

Readme.md, after:

## Stravalog

### Background

I started writing detailed descriptions for some of my strava rides in the
description fields, for rides that were of note or races that I had been
involved in. I've found that it's hard to find activities with descriptions and
they do not even appear at all on the mobile app.

Stravalog creates a blog by using strava descriptions as well as extracting
other data from the API which is then displayed.

### Requirements

- Ruby 2.2
- Postgres (You can change this in `config/database.yml`

### Installation

- [Create a strava application](https://www.strava.com/settings/api), set the callback domain to be `localhost:3000` and note down the Client ID, client secret and your access token
- Copy the `.env.sample` file to `.env` and fill in the values:
  - BLOG_TITLE: The name of your blog
  - STRAVA_ATHELETE_ID: Your athelete ID, When clicking on 'Your Profile' it's the last part of the URL
  - STRAVA_CLIENT_ID: The client id of the application you've created
  - STRAVA_CLIENT_SECRET: The client secret of the application you've created
  - STRAVA_API_TOKEN: The access token of the application you've created
- Install gems with `bundle install`
- Create and migrate the database with `rake db:create db:migrate`
- Run the app with: `rails server`
- Visit `http://localhost:3000/admin` to login

### Getting started

You can manually add activities through the admin dashboard. Or you can run
`rake strava:import` to automatically import any strava activities with a
reasonably long description

### TODO

- Improve default styling
- Add the ability to customise styling without having to fork the repo
- Add the ability to attach photos to activities (Stravas API currently returns photo info, could use this)
- Background image/images
- Allow owners to add bio information along with a photo
- Display more stats about rides
- Create graphs/charts of useful information on the ride
